Things to make working in flash easier.
Credit to Ryo Timo who created the bulk of the scripts and Vladin Mitov created the group and labelcel scripts and mentored me a little bit. 
Works in Flash 8.
Install directory C:\Users\User\AppData\Local\Macromedia\Flash 8\en\Configuration\Commands

Copy the .jsfl files to the 'Commands' folder.

The LO template has symbols and layer structure necessary for the #Export and #Timesheet scripts to work.

Open '000_lo.fla' File > Save As Template...  

When you test movie, the preview could be distorted due to a large stage size. In the test movie preview go to View > Magnification > Show All then close and open the preview should be fixed.


#Export.jsfl - exports all keyframes on layers with names shorter than 4 letters to .png files. Layers named "TAP" or "paper" will be visible on every exported keyframe.

#Mark frame.jsfl - adds a label to the currently selected keyframe(s). Will be numbered chronologically. Useful when a keyframe is reused on the timeline.

#Mark frame2.jsfl - removes label from the currently selected keyframe(s).

#Mark inbetween.jsfl - adds an inbetween label to the currently selected keyframe(s).

#Timesheet.jsfl - creates a timesheet symbol using _sheet and _endbar symbols.

-.jsfl
--.jsfl
---.jsfl - these scripts hide, or show layers within a sequence of 3 layers. Useful for flip checking while tracing corrections or simply hiding layers underneath the currently selected layer.

Black.jsfl
Blue.jsfl 
Blue2.jsfl
Green.jsfl
Hair.jsfl
Red.jsfl
Red2.jsfl
Skin.jsfl - these scripts change the toolbar colours.

Delete Fill.jsfl - deletes only the fill from the currently selected frame(s).

Delete Layer.jsfl - deletes currently selected layer(s).

Delete.jsfl - deletes everything from currently selected frame(s).

editmode.jsfl - goes into edit mode for currently selected object.

Exit Frame.jsfl - exits edit mode.

Folder - Old.jsfl - inserts selected layers into a folder named 'old'.

group.jsfl - groups any drawing objects (anything that isn't already a group) on selected frame(s).

labelcel.jsfl - labels // delete this script

labelcel2.jsfl - adds text to all keyframes of the current layer. Uses the layer name and frame label (Mark frame.jsfl), useful to quickly label cels.

LayerDown.jsfl - moves down 1 layer.

LayerUp.jsfl - moves up 1 layer.

Lock Layers.jsfl - locks every layer except the currently selected layer.

Merge.jsfl - clears currently selected frames.

NewAnimClip.jsfl - makes copy of the current layer, but inside a symbol. I personally use this to tween cels for previews (test movie).

newLayer.jsfl - creates a new layer using the current layer name as a reference. If it's A, the new layer name would be B, etc.

NextPass.jsfl - creates a layer with white opacity and copies the timing of the current layer to a new layer with blank keyframes (it's the equivalent of lowering the current layers opacity and making a new one to draw on top).

NextPass2.jsfl - same function as NextPass.jsfl. Instead of a layer with white opacity, it sets the current layer to a light outline mode.

optimize.jsfl - 'optimizes' the current selection, reducing the number of vectors/curves.

overlap.jsfl - sets the currently selected stroke to a lighter colour. I use it for something that is underneath, but still needs to be visible for the inbetweeners.

zoom 1.jsfl
zoom 2.jsfl - zooms slight in or out.

Next Cel.jsfl - moves to the next keyframe.

Previous Cel.jsfl - moves to the previous keyframe.


I recommend buying a keypad so you can keybind all these scripts. I use the Razer Tartarus V2.

That's all for now...
